# Proiect-POO-Library
The current application simulates a basic management system for a library. It is designed to store and create information regarding the librarian, the students who are lending the books. The program allows the user to create an entity, called student, which has the attributes: id and name. We can create also books, which have the following attributes: book number, name of the book and the author’s name. Also, if the student returns an issued book in more than fifteen days, the program will generate a message that will be the fine for that specific student. To interact with the user, it was built a command line interface structured as a numbered menu. The operator can select an option by entering its corresponding number and pressing enter. In the command line window, there will be shown the application data.
In order to build the program, I used 5 classes: book, book1, book2, book3 and student. The program was designed such that “book” and “student” are the main classes, “book1”,” book2”, “book3”, inheriting elements from the main class “book”. For all the classes there were created a set of attributes as well as methods, such as setters, getters, constructors and additional methods. To implement different categories of books, there were used different files, one for each category of the book, and one for the students’ records. The main function is based on a switch menu, that offers the user different options, such as: issue books, return books, update student records, update book records, and the opportunity to close the program. Each option ramifies into another switch – based menu, that gives the user furthermore possibilities. 
When running the application, the first step, as a librarian is to create some books for each category, and some students, in order to lend books to them. After creating these instances, the user can perform actions like lending specific books to specific students, showing on the screen a specific student or book, with all their attributes, or the entire list as well. If the user wants, he can delete books and students, in order to replace them with another entities. 
